## Autoscaling Cluster Deployment using AWS CFT

This CloudFormation Template deploys the Barracuda Web Application Firewall in an autoscaling cluster, which will autoscale with your application. This optimises your costs and ensures that your application is always available and protected. When deployed with the CloudFormation Template, the Barracuda Web Application Firewall cluster is bootstrapped with the basic application configuration. Therefore, when the Barracuda Web Application Firewall cluster comes up it automatically connects to and protects your application. As additional WAF instances scale up, they automatically cluster with existing instances, and bootstrap with the latest available configuration. The Barracuda Web Application Firewall fully supports ELB Sandwich deployments. Such deployments have an external ELB front-ending the WAF cluster, and an internal ELB between the WAF cluster and the application being secured. Such deployments are recommended when the backend application autoscales independently of the WAF cluster. When the application instances autoscale, there is no need to configure the Barracuda Web Application Firewall each time. The WAF communicates with the ELB, which then load balances traffic to the application instances that are up at any point in time. The Barracuda Web Application Firewall autoscaling cluster can be deployed across multiple autoscaling zones to ensure high availability. If a WAF instance in the cluster goes down for any reason, the traffic can be redistributed across the other instances automatically to ensure continued application availability.

DISCLAIMER: ALL OF THE SOURCE CODE ON THIS REPOSITORY IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL BARRACUDA BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOURCE CODE.###
